hey guys it's my review the matter boo
pistol which was released in today's
update into the GP shop I'll be giving
all the damage stats as well as a
comparison against the deagle and the
Condor and they're my own opinion of the
gun right then the damage is a
close-range will do a hundred to the
head 51 to the chest and arms between 68
69 to the body and 35 to 36 to the legs
with armor you'll still do a hundred to
the head 39 to the chest and 53 to the
stomach / body at medium ranges you'll
still do a hundred to the head 27 to the
chest and arms between 35 to 36 to the
body and 18 to the legs with armor
you'll do 88 to the head 22 21 to the
chest and 27 to 28 to the body / stomach
through a box you'll do 66 to the head
60 into the chest and arms between 22 to
23 to the stomach and 11 to the legs
with armor you'll do 53 to the head 12
to the chest and 16 to 17 to the body
now quite like a few other pistols it
has a hundred metre drop off for all its
damages say you won't be doing any sort
of long-range kills with this gun
whatsoever you can't it does nothing now
then the comparisons the deagle is
actually the fastest firing of all three
the matter but is second and the combat
is third and I'll replay it again in
slow motion so that you can see the
difference
the matter that actually
the slowest reloadable 3 the Columba has
the fastest and the deagle is in between
the two I've replayed again in slow
motion so that you can actually see the
difference between the reloads
the matter vers actually in the middle
for the reload times they were Condor is
obviously the fastest I'm I know most of
you already know this but the deagle is
actually slower than the matter but I
replay it again in slow motion once
again so that you can see the difference
and finally my own opinion now honestly
this gun kind of surprised me I didn't
really expect it to be particularly like
great in any way but it's actually
pretty fun to use the power is really
good there's pretty much no recoil
whatsoever the mo is the same as the
Kondos I mean you're not really losing
anything if you stick to a condor I mean
it sure is one less in the deagle but i
think the sound and the design of the
gun are really really good it sounds
amazing when you shoot it it's just
really you just have to pick it up it's
quite quiet if you hear it in third
person but when you shoot it yourself is
really good I bet I like the fact that
it's GP it's nice to see more GP guns
sure it's on a rifle but at least it's a
pistol so something that's completely
different to what we've seen before as
in not a reskin say I think that
although it's like really high power I
don't think it's as good as a deagle
it's a great contender against the
anacondrai to be honest I'd say it's
better than the Anaconda but the deagle
has the extra bullet it has the more
kind of reliable power over range this
has a very quite quick drop off for its
damage you're not going to get any sort
of great kills over long ranges sure
their pistols not meant to be but I mean
the deagle has that extra option to it
so that you're not having to just say
straight up reload you can whip out your
pistol and not have to faff around for a
while but it's a really honestly a
really good pistol I would recommend
getting it if you can I would honestly
recommend it over the Anaconda the
Anaconda is great sure it's faster but I
mean I'd say that this is more fun to
use it has
better sound better skin better it's
it's honestly up to you i mean i would
go for the matter but if you can if
you've got GP despair if you don't have
a condor go for this first the Condors
fine but i just think this is generally
a better pistol than the condor anyway
hope you enjoyed this quick review the
matter the pistol be sure to check out
all the other reviews I've done I've got
the m1a1 carbine coming out on Monday so
be sure to subscribe for that all the
links will be on the annotations at the
end of the screen and in the links in
the soup in the description below
you